We thank the reviewers for their effort.

We agree with everything Reviewer 3 said.

Review 2 suggests a better overview of results in the introduction
and adding a conclusion; we will do so.

Review 3.

[Hereafter I interleave Lutz and Willem on the related issues. I also
add some Dominic versions here and there.]

[Dominic (riffing on Willem's)] This review does not give an evaluation
of the paper, and merely perceives three issues: it 1) asks why
the paper does not give more focus to the more interesting of the two
presented notions; 2) requests an unrelated reference be
cited; and 3) suggests some aspects of the presentation could
be improved. These are very minor concerns, and the latter two are
easily fixed. It is mysterious to us why the review would focus on
these three marginal points, instead of discussing the content.

[Willems Intro for Reviewer 3] We are rather disappointed with this
review. It does not give an evaluation of the paper, and merely lists
three perceived issues: 1) it asks why the paper does not give more
focus to the more interesting of the two presented notions; 2) it
complains that a particular reference is not cited; and 3) it suggests
that some aspects of the presentation could be improved. These are
very minor concerns, and the latter two are easily fixed in a final
version. It is mysterious to us why the review would focus on these
three marginal points, instead of discussing the content of the paper.

[Lutz] Reviewer 3 has several complaints that we address below.



[Lutz] 1) The reviewer thinks that witness nets are not very
interesting but unification nets are, thus the focus in the paper is
unbalanced.

[Lutz] We disagree. Witness nets are essential for developping
unification nets. The section on unification nets is so short because
it builds on the theory of witness nets that had to be developped
before.

[Willem] "1) Witness proof nets do not very interesting being a rather
straight-forward extension of usual proof nets. [...] Could you please
elucidate the conceptual advances of witness nets?"

[W] Witness nets are the first canonical proof nets for first-order
additive linear logic (according to the standard semantics, which
distinguishes proofs with different existential witnesses). The
technical innovations are the following. First, to find the right way
of recording witness information to make canonicity possible, which is
indeed very subtle. Second, we give a contractibility-based
correctness condition for efficient parsing, plus a geometric
condition that is semantically revealing, and prove both correct.

[W] "Unification nets, on the other hand, are more interesting
involving (for the first-time?) unification in proof
nets. Unfortunately, the paper focuses much more on Witness nets,
instead of the Unification nets. This is rather disappointing."

[W] Unification nets are fully described in the paper. The technical
development proceeds naturally via witness nets, which therefore
receive more focus.

[L] 1') witness nets are straightforward extension of usual proof nets.

[L] It only looks that way for you because we did an excellent job
presenting them. It took us hard work to simplify the presentation in
such a way that it looks straightforward. If it was that easy as you
think, then why took it 30 years for someone to come up with the idea?



[W] "2) Comparison with related work and in particular with the paper
"A Multi-Focused Proof System Isomorphic to Expansion Proofs" is
missing. I believe this is a very related work that has to be better
compared with."

[W] In fact, this paper is not immediately relevant. It presents a
sequent-calculus version of Expansion Proofs, for first-order
classical logic, to which we do compare our work.

[L] 2) Comparison to multi-focusing.

[L] We are well aware of the work on multi-focusing and its relation
to expansion trees. First, observe that that work is about classical
logic and we are here dealing with linear logic, which is a different
world. And second, we do explain the relation to expansion trees in
section 1.2. Whether we can obtain a notion of focusing which
identifies the same proofs as our proof nets is a question for future
research, and you cannot expect an answer to that in this paper.


[W] "3) Poor presentation: The presentation of the paper lacks better
explanations of figure, contains some dubious statements, etc. More
details below."

[W] We are confused why the very few (six, to be precise) detailed
comments would amount to "poor presentation". We will discuss these in
turn.

[L] 3) The reviewer is not happy with the presentation and justifies
this with the following points, that are (except for the last one) all
about the introduction, and that we address below:


[L] - "page 2, cryptic examples": as said in the paragraph above, one
  example is a witness net and the other is a unification net for the
  same conclusion, and as we say in the text, witness nets carry the
  substitution explicitely at the links, and the unification nets
  don't.

[W] -- "Respective examples are below -> rather cryptic
examples. Please add explanations of why they are useful in anyway;
[...] Figure 1 -> I am not sure how to interpret this figure. Please
add more explanations!"

[W] This example was chosen to be small but comprehensive. We will add
further explanations to the final version.

[L] - Figure 1: This figure is a running example that we use several
  times in the paper (p.2,p.6, and p.8) it is in the introduction
  because here it is mentioned for the first time. It contains a
  correct witness net (top left) together with a coalescence sequence
  veryfying its correctness, ending with a single link carrying the
  empty substitution (top right). Below is a corresponding sequent
  calculus proofs.



[W] -- "page 4: monomial nets and weights -> please define!"

[W] Monomial nets are in the literature, as referenced, and are not
the subject of the paper.

[L] - "page 4, define monomial nets": We did not give the definition
  in this paper because this alone would fill another paper (see
  [6,7]) and is not relevant for us. We mention them because they are
  the only known version of proof nets for ALL1 so far, and not
  mentioning them would have made another referee complain. The point
  here is that witness nets (that you consider straightforward) are
  already a considerable improvement over monomial nets.




[W] -- "We believe (though have not technically verified) ... to the
following approach. -> Rather bad way of starting a section."

[W] Why?

[L] - "... bad way of starting a section": Since when is honesty bad?
  We make a statement about monomial nets that is not really relevant
  to our results but puts them a bit more in perspective.



[W] -- "Finally, available space does not permit a ... a journal version -> Please rephrase."

[W] This seems a completely reasonable sentence to us, and a completely reasonable thing to write in a conference paper.

[L] - "Finally, available space... Rephrase": How should we rephrase a
  statement about the restriction of space in conference papers? We
  could, however, remove the sentence.



[W] -- "page 13: Unlike for proof nets, this notion ... from their respective subproofs -> This seems very important. Please elaborate."

[W] This concerns an interesting observation about sequent calculus:
the idea of "generality" for witnessing terms, which works well for
proof nets, does not behave well under the permutations of sequent
proofs. It is not important to the technical development, but we could
expand on it in a final version.

[L] - "page 13: ... This seems very important. Please elaborate.":
  This is a factual observation about sequent calculus which is
  interesting, but not very important. The display below the paragraph
  explains it very well, and we don't see what there is to elaborate.